SOLR-15011: /admin/logging handler is configured logs to all nodes (#2230)
apache/lucene-solr: solr/CHANGES.txt

* SOLR-14949: Docker: Ability to customize the FROM image when building.
  (Houston Putman)

> * SOLR-15011: /admin/logging handler should be able to configure logs on all nodes (Nazerke Seidan, David Smiley)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SOLR-15011: /admin/logging handler will now propagate setLevel (log threshold) to all nodes
when told to. The admin UI now tells it to. (Nazerke Seidan, David Smiley)
```
